Migrate module instructions from root REAME into per-module READMEs (#579)
brunoerg/bitcoinfuzz: README.md

## Manual Method

> If you prefer, you can still build the modules manually. Each module README

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer, you can still build the modules manually. Each module's README.md
```
